README.md, before:

# soggy_bottom_boys_group_project

## TITLE

## Discription


## User Story

```
AS A traveler flyging to a destonation 
I WANT to be able track my flight and its location
AND I WANT to be able to search resturaunt/ hotel suggestions 
SO I can plan my trip accordingly 
```

link to my GitHub Repository:

WebPage

image 



## License

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2022 Jimmy-Vela06

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.








---
###Criteria
Technical Acceptance Criteria: 25%
Satisfies the following code requirements:
    Application uses at least two server-side APIs (Links to an external site.).
    Application uses client-side storage to store persistent data.
    Application doesn't use JS alerts, prompts, or confirms (uses modals instead).
    Application uses a CSS framework other than Bootstrap.
    Application is interactive (accepts and responds to user input).

Concept 10%
    Application should be a unique and novel idea.
    Your group should clearly and concisely articulate your project idea.

Deployment: 20%
    Application deployed at live URL and loads with no errors.
    Application GitHub URL submitted.

Repository Quality: 10%
    Repository has a unique name.
    Repository follows best practices for file structure and naming conventions.
    Repository follows best practices for class/id naming conventions, indentation, quality comments, and so on.
    Repository contains multiple descriptive commit messages.
    Repository contains a quality README file with description, screenshot, and link to deployed application.

Application Quality: 15%
    Application user experience is intuitive and easy to navigate.
    Application user interface style is clean and polished.
    Application is responsive.

Presentation 10%
    Your group should present using Powerpoint or a similar presentation software.
    Every group member should speak during the presentation.
    Your presentation should follow the Project Presentation Template (Links to an external site.).

Collaboration 10%
There are no major disparities in the number of GitHub contributions between group members.

Commit message:

storing recipie names still needs work

README.md, after:

# soggy_bottom_boys_group_project

## TITLE
FOOD CLUB

## Discription
The Food Club App will allow you to search both food and drink recipies. 
By typing types of foods (for example: burger, pizza, pasta) in the search
bar it will search for food recipies. The search will provide 6 differnt recipies
that will display and image, recipie name, a link to directions, some basic
nutrition Facts and (if theres information from the API) ETA of prep time.
The app will also allow to search Alcoholic drink recipies. The search will 
display an image, ingrediants, glass type, and intructions on how to mix.

There will be a save feature that will save to local storage. Saving will populate a list 
of the recipie names.


## User Story

```
AS A a person unfamlier to recipies OR AS someone wanting to try new recipies
I WANT to be able to search food recipies
AND I WANT to be able to search drink recipies
SO I can enjoy meals and drinks that I want to enjoy
```

link to my GitHub Repository:

WebPage

image 



## License

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2022 Jimmy-Vela06

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.








---
###Criteria
Technical Acceptance Criteria: 25%
Satisfies the following code requirements:
    Application uses at least two server-side APIs (Links to an external site.).
    Application uses client-side storage to store persistent data.
    Application doesn't use JS alerts, prompts, or confirms (uses modals instead).
    Application uses a CSS framework other than Bootstrap.
    Application is interactive (accepts and responds to user input).

Concept 10%
    Application should be a unique and novel idea.
    Your group should clearly and concisely articulate your project idea.

Deployment: 20%
    Application deployed at live URL and loads with no errors.
    Application GitHub URL submitted.

Repository Quality: 10%
    Repository has a unique name.
    Repository follows best practices for file structure and naming conventions.
    Repository follows best practices for class/id naming conventions, indentation, quality comments, and so on.
    Repository contains multiple descriptive commit messages.
    Repository contains a quality README file with description, screenshot, and link to deployed application.

Application Quality: 15%
    Application user experience is intuitive and easy to navigate.
    Application user interface style is clean and polished.
    Application is responsive.

Presentation 10%
    Your group should present using Powerpoint or a similar presentation software.
    Every group member should speak during the presentation.
    Your presentation should follow the Project Presentation Template (Links to an external site.).

Collaboration 10%
There are no major disparities in the number of GitHub contributions between group members.
